Yes daughter-in-law
What about this foreigner?
He also gave me a lot of very interesting things.
I'll show you later
Ok lili
Let's go together, I won't go
I've seen a lot of food
It's boring
But didn't you just say what I said, cousin?
Like I said, I don't like this stuff.
This sunset, the best is still a man
Just like my boyfriend is beautiful
Noble in the bones
Men like us are dirty and stupid
They're all old hats
Let me go
I'm going in.
Well, I know he's in there
Let go of me, let go
Don't worry, I'll go in and report it first.
Who is the head of the family?
This foreigner had to go in.
Mr. Lauer
Are you Mr. Raul?
I'm not dreaming that I can see you here
Miss, who are you?
You may not know me
But you are my boyfriend's idol.
He adores you so much.
Would you sign it, please?
Sorry, I'm not free right now.
Mr. Second
Did he steal from you?
Wu
What did you do to the honorable dick?
Excuse me.
Please open it.
I'll tell you the surname Wu
Mr. Second is not someone you can offend
Make him compensate
Excuse me.
Appointed Mr. Wu
No matter what you ask, I will agree
Please also buy my factory